The world's first EOS public chain DeFi crown DAPPPRO

What is DeFi should not be unfamiliar, like the Lightning Network, decentralized exchange, online lending platform, insurance platform, decentralized wallet, etc. that we often say are all in the DeFi category. The advantages and characteristics of DeFi Everyone knows how rich the traditional financial sector is. Compared with traditional finance, decentralized finance achieves de-intermediation through blockchain technology, reducing the role of middlemen, thereby reducing the huge cost of intermediate links. And if you own a piece of ETH property and want to use it as collateral to obtain a loan, it is easy to use decentralized finance. In this way, the efficiency and simplicity of financing are much better than traditional finance. You only need to repay the loan and pay the agreed interest or handling fee to redeem your original ETH. You will get a loan and have the opportunity to enjoy the benefits of currency appreciation. In the whole process, there will be no human involvement, and everything will run completely through code. It can be seen that in the DeFi system, the privileged institutions in the traditional financial field are replaced by codes and smart contracts. With the gradual landing of decentralized finance, the general public will have the opportunity to enjoy the financial value inherent in their financial assets. Business users also have the opportunity to enjoy services at a lower cost, the operating efficiency of the entire financial system is greatly improved, and the cost is greatly reduced. Looking at it in a higher dimension, the most important vision of DeFi is to tokenize all assets, and eventually form an open financial system without borders in the world. Here, the operation of everything is centered on smart contracts and codes. There are no hidden boxes and no private information being reviewed or used. All data is open and transparent. There is no need to trust each other and no entry barriers. Everyone can use any granularity. Conduct a fair deal. Today, with the support of blockchain technology, all this has been continuously implemented, and we have reason to be even more full of expectations for the future of DeFi. At the same time, it is precisely because the volume of decentralized finance at this stage is extremely small compared to traditional finance, and the development space is huge. Therefore, for investors, the existing DeFi has the opportunity to bring huge investments in the future. In return. DeFi's current problems and bottlenecks Many insiders are excited about the future of DeFi. But at the same time, the status quo in the early stages of development is that most users have low awareness of it and the number of users is still very small. Today, except for star projects such as MarkerDAO and REX, other projects currently have very little traffic and deposited funds, which is actually the typical characteristic of a new field in its infancy. On the one hand, the development of DeFi is subject to the performance of the underlying public chain. The current DeFi project is mainly built on the Ethereum network. At present, the performance bottleneck of Ethereum is relatively prominent. There is still a long way to go to break the performance bottleneck. In this situation, those DeFi projects that have higher performance requirements, Will be in an awkward position. On the other hand, compared to traditional financial products, decentralized financial projects are much more difficult to use and require higher user awareness, which will also greatly affect the development speed of DeFi. In addition, the security of decentralized financial projects needs to be proven in practice, and it has continuously accumulated user trust. In our contact with the developers of some DeFi projects, we found that these temporary problems will not affect their confidence in DeFi. They generally believe that DeFi will be an inevitable trend in historical development, and it will improve privacy, fairness, and asset security. It has incomparable advantages in such aspects as reducing costs, reducing financial costs, and distrusting. For investors, DeFi is in a stage of high risk, high return, and requires long-term investment to bring returns. For DeFi, the direction has been very clear. The future trend of the financial world is likely to be decentralized. Facing such a big cake, the launch of the world's first DeFi crown DAPPPRO of the EOS public chain will solve all ETH public chains Unsolvable problems, DAPPPRO crown DeFi will surpass ETH DeFi crown MakerDAO, become the world's largest DeFi application, inject the core ecology into the EOS ecosystem, transfer the pledge of DAPPPRO tokens to dapp.pro Note d02 to get EOS rewards, when the token pledge rate The higher the EOS ratio obtained, the pledge conversion formula will be based on the mortgage formula-DeFi DAPPPRO will eventually be equal to EOS. DAPPPRO is no longer subject to the influence of any exchanges and wallets, and has become the world's first fully decentralized DeFi.

How to participate in DeFi
Mortgage PRO can be achieved without passing any exchange to get EOS

way of participation?
Open the EOS account and transfer PRO to dapp.pro. Note d02. You will get the corresponding EOS.

How is the exchange price allocated?
When the number of PROs pledged by ecology is higher, the price of PRO is higher, and the number of EOS exchanged each time will be more and more, the pledge rate will gradually increase, and PRO will increase, and the more EOS exchanged each time.
How do I know the PRO price?
EOS quantity / price / PRO quantity
How to get more EOS
Get more PRO with every redemption vote
Trade more PRO pledges for more EOS

全球首个EOS公链DeFi王冠DAPPPRO

什么是DeFi不要觉得陌生，像我们经常说的闪电网络、去中心化交易所、网络借贷平台、保险平台、去中心化钱包等都是属于DeFi范畴。DeFi的优势和特点传统金融领域的利润有多丰厚，大家都知道。与传统金融相比，去中心化金融通过区块链技术实现了去中介化，减少了中间人角色，从而降低了中间环节的所带来的巨额成本。而如果你拥有一笔ETH的财产，希望用它来作为抵押物获得贷款，通过去中心化金融很简单。这样在融资的效率和简便性上就比传统金融要优秀很多了。你只需要归还借款并支付约定的利息或手续费，就能赎回自己原来的ETH，即获得了贷款，又有机会享受币价增值带来的收益。而这整个过程，将没有任何的人为参与，一切都完全通过代码运行。可见，在DeFi体系中，传统金融领域中的特权机构被代码和智能合约所取代，随着去中心化金融的逐步落地，未来普通大众将有机会享受到自己金融资产所蕴含的金融价值，金融业务使用者也有机会用更低的成本享受到服务，整个金融体系的运行效率被极大地提升，而成本则被大大降低。我们再换个更高的维度来看，DeFi最重要的愿景是将所有的资产通证化，最终在全球形成一个无国界的开放金融系统。在这里，一切的运行由智能合约和代码作为中心，没有暗箱、没有隐私信息被审查或利用，一切数据公开透明，无需相互信任，也无需任何的准入门槛，所有人可以以任意的颗粒度进行公平的交易。今天在区块链技术的支撑下，这一切已经在不断的实现过程中，我们也有理由对DeFi的未来更加充满期待。同时，也正是由于现阶段去中心化金融的体量与传统金融相比极其微小，发展空间巨大，因此，对于投资者而言，雏形已现的DeFi未来有机会为自己带来巨大的投资回报。DeFi目前的问题和瓶颈很多业内人士都在为DeFi的未来感到兴奋。但同时，发展初期的现状是——大多数用户对其认知程度很低，用户的数量也还很少。时至今日除了MarkerDAO和REX这样的明星项目以外，其他项目目前的流量和沉淀资金都还非常少，这其实也正是一个全新领域处于萌芽期的典型特征。一方面，DeFi的发展受制于底层公链的性能。目前的DeFi项目，主要搭建在以太坊网络之上，目前以太坊的性能瓶颈比较突出，距离突破性能瓶颈还有较长的路要走，这样的状况下那些对性能要求较高的DeFi项目，将处于比较尴尬的境地。另一方面，去中心化的金融项目，相对于传统金融产品，使用难度大很多，对用户的认知要求较高，这也会很大程度上影响DeFi的发展速度。此外，去中心化金融项目的安全性有待实践的印证，并不断积累用户信任。在我们与一些DeFi项目的开发者接触中发现，这些暂时的问题并不会影响到他们对DeFi的信心，他们普遍认为DeFi将是历史发展必然的趋势，在提升隐私性、公平性、资产安全性、降低金融成本、去信任化等方面具备不可比拟的优势。DeFi对于投资者而言，正处在高风险、高回报、需要长期投资才能带来回报的阶段。对于DeFi来说，方向已经非常明晰，未来金融世界的趋势很可能是走向去中心化方向的，面对如此之大的蛋糕，全球首个EOS公链的DeFi 王冠DAPPPRO上线将解决所有ETH公链无法解决的问题，DAPPPRO王冠DeFi将超越ETH DeFi王冠MakerDAO，成为全球最大的DeFi应用为EOS生态注入核心生态，转账质押DAPPPRO令牌至dapp.pro备注d02即可获得EOS奖励，当令牌质押率上升，获得的EOS比例越高，质押换算公式依据抵押公式-DeFi DAPPPRO 最终将与EOS等比例公式，DAPPPRO已经不受制于任何交易所及钱包影响，已经成为全球首个完全去中心化DeFi 。

如何参与DeFi
在不通过任何交易所也可以实现抵押PRO获取EOS

参与方式？
打开EOS账户点转账PRO到dapp.pro备注d02即可，你会获得相应的EOS

兑换的价格是如何分配？
当生态质押的PRO越多PRO的价格就越高，每次兑换EOS的数量会越来越多，质押率逐步上涨，PRO也会上涨，每次兑换的EOS越多。
如何知道PRO价格？
EOS数量/价格/PRO数量
如何获取更多的EOS
每次赎回复投获取更多PRO
用更多的PRO质押换取更多EOS
